Back-porting idempotent indexes/constraints (#676)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/glossary.asciidoc

|<<query-call, CALL [...YIELD]>>            | Reading/Writing   | Invoke a procedure deployed in the database.
|<<query-call-subquery, CALL {...}>>        | Reading/Writing   | Evaluates a subquery, typically used for post-union processing or aggregations.
|<<query-create, CREATE>>                    | Writing     |  Create nodes and relationships.
|<<administration-constraints-syntax, CREATE CONSTRAINT [existence] [IF NOT EXISTS] ON (n:Label) ASSERT exists(n.property)>>  | Schema   | Create a constraint ensuring that all nodes with a particular label have a certain property.
|<<administration-constraints-syntax, CREATE CONSTRAINT [node_key] [IF NOT EXISTS] ON (n:Label) ASSERT (n.prop1, ..., n.propN) IS NODE KEY>>  |  Schema | Create a constraint ensuring all nodes with a particular label have all the specified properties and that the combination of property values is unique; i.e. ensures existence and uniqueness.

> |<<administrationnstraints-syntax, CREATE CONSTRAINT [existence] [IF NOT EXISTS] ON ()-[r:REL_TYPE]-() ASSERT exists(r.property)>>  | Schema   | Create a constraint ensuring that all relationships with a particular type have a certain property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<<administration-constraints-syntax, CREATE CONSTRAINT [existence] [IF NOT EXISTS] ON ()-[r:REL_TYPE]-() ASSERT exists(r.property)>>  | Schema   | Create a constraint ensuring that all relationships with a particular type have a certain property.
```
